language fixes for TLS procedure (#1311)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/installation-guide/proc_using-che-with-tls.adoc

.Procedure

> . On the left side of the Chrome browser URL address bar panel, click the icon of the `Lock`, which represents the SSL/TLS status.
> +
> This icon indicates the information about your connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the left side of the Chrome browser URL address bar panel, click the `Lock` icon, which represents the SSL/TLS status.
+
This will indicate information about your current connection.
```

.Procedure

> . On the left side of the Chrome browser URL address bar panel, click the icon of the `Lock`, which represents the SSL/TLS status.
> +
> This icon indicates the information about your connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the left side of the Chrome browser URL address bar panel, click the `Lock` icon, which represents the SSL/TLS status.
+
This will indicate information about your current connection.
```
